docs: GCDN Beta — call out unsupported CNAMEs to platform hostnames (#10086)
pantheon-systems/documentation: src/source/content/guides/global-cdn/07-global-cdn-beta.md

</Alert>

<Alert title="Custom Domains Must Not Use CNAMEs to Platform Hostnames" type="danger">

> Custom domains CNAME'd to a Pantheon platform hostname (for example, `live-yoursite.pantheonsite.io`) are not supported in the GCDN Beta and will not be supported going forward. Sites configured this way will experience interruptions when migrated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom domains that use a CNAME record in their DNS settings that point to a Pantheon platform hostname (for example, `live-yoursite.pantheonsite.io`) are not supported in the GCDN Beta and will not be supported going forward. Sites configured this way will experience interruptions when migrated.
```

> Before activating the Beta, check your live custom domain's DNS. It must resolve via A/AAAA records as shown on the site's **Domains** page, not via a CNAME pointing at a `*.pantheonsite.io` hostname. If the **Domains** page shows `Remove this detected record` next to a CNAME, remove it from your DNS provider. See [Custom Domains](/guides/domains/custom-domains) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before activating the Beta, check your custom domain's DNS configuration. It must resolve via A/AAAA records as shown on the site's **Domains** page, not via a CNAME pointed at a `*.pantheonsite.io` hostname. If the **Domains** page shows `Remove this detected record` next to a CNAME, remove it from your DNS provider. See [Custom Domains](/guides/domains/custom-domains) for details.
```

GCDN Beta sites must use Terminus [version 4.1.9](https://github.com/pantheon-systems/terminus/releases/tag/4.1.9) or higher when interacting with sites that have Global CDN Beta enabled. Using older versions of Terminus may result in errors such as `[debug] json_decode exception: Syntax error` or `[error]  Pantheon headers missing, which is not quite right.`. 

### CNAMEs to Platform Hostnames Not Supported

> Custom domains that CNAME to a Pantheon platform hostname (for example, `live-yoursite.pantheonsite.io`) are not supported. Custom domains must resolve via A/AAAA records, or — after migration — via the CNAME values for the GCDN edge provided by the dashboard. Sites with a CNAME to a platform hostname will experience interruptions when migrated. See [Custom Domains](/guides/domains/custom-domains) and contact Pantheon Support before migration if affected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom domains that use a CNAME in their DNS configuration pointing to a Pantheon platform hostname (for example, `live-yoursite.pantheonsite.io`) are not supported. Custom domains must resolve via A/AAAA records, or — after migration — via the CNAME values for the GCDN edge provided by the dashboard. Sites with a CNAME to a platform hostname will experience interruptions when migrated. See [Custom Domains](/guides/domains/custom-domains) and contact Pantheon Support before migration if affected.
```
